SOCIAL MEDIA DO’S AND DON’TS

DO’S:
1. Always remember to think before you share anything online, as once you share something online, it will remain there forever and can impact your reputation in the future.
2. Try to be nice and courteous while interacting with people online, even if you don’t share their opinion or view.
3. Be careful about sharing your personal details such as your phone number, address, or passwords, as sharing such details may prove to be hazardous for you in the future.
4. Always take a moment to check if the news or information you want to share is correct or false, to avoid sharing false news or information online.
5. Try to use social media in a positive way by learning something new, interacting with people, and improving your skills.
6. Always check your privacy settings to know who can view your posts or your personal details.
7. Always try to give credit to people for their work if you share their work online, to show your respect for their hard work.
8. Your profile should look nice and appropriate, considering that it can be viewed by teachers, seniors, or even future employers.

DON’TS:
1. Don’t share information you’re not sure of, as it may mislead other people, causing confusion among them.
2. Don’t share rude or hurtful comments, as it may affect other people, apart from damaging your image.
3. Don’t share too much information about your life, as it may cause problems, especially regarding your issues of privacy or safety.
4. Don’t get yourself into a fight or argument, especially if it is not necessary, as it may cause negativity around you.
5. Don’t share information that may cause harm to your reputation or may cause you problems later on.
6. Don’t share information when you’re feeling angry or upset, as you may cause regrets later on.
7. Don’t copy information from other people without giving credit to them, as it is unfair to them or to the owner or creator of the information.
8. Don’t click on unknown or suspicious links, as it may be unsafe or may cause harm to you.
